added images (#2)
CFC-Servers/cfc_attention_monitoring: README.md

# cfc_attention_monitoring

>  This addon display's a icon above the head of player's that are currently tabbed out of the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This addon displays an icon above the head of players that are currently tabbed out of the game.
```

# How it work's

>   It send's the player that tabbed out to the server to be put in a table of tabbed out player's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It sends the player that tabbed out to the server to be put in a table of tabbed out players.
```

  Then after some delay it will send the table back to the client where it will render out the 

>   icon's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  icons.
```
